Do-so" is more important than "say-so".
For example" is not proof.
I really don't believe that, but I was raised that way.
Keep the tourists out..." As fellow tourists we heartily agree.
Know thyself"? If I knew myself, I'd run away.
...context...
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
A beggar can never be bankrupt.
A boss says, "Go!" A leader says, "Let's go!
A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
A business without a path to profit isn't a business, it's a hobby.
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
A civilized society makes swords into decoration.
A collection of facts not necessarily science.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
A confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
A critic is a man who knows the way but can't drive the car.
A critic is to an author as a fungus to an oak.
A culture can be no stronger than its strongest myths.
A day without fear changes your life forever.
A doctor gets no pleasure out of the health of his friends.
A dream that is not interpreted is like a letter that is not read.
A dying man can do nothing easy.
A feather in hand is better than a bird in the air.
A flood of words over a desert of thought.
A fool and his words are soon parted.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
A genius is always on duty; even his dreams are tax deductible.
A god can create a world only by listening.
A good example is the best sermon.
A good painter can draw a devil as well as an angel.
A good philosopher is one who does not take ideas seriously.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A good tale cannot too often be told.
A good tongue is a good weapon.
A good word costs no more than a bad one.
A great ship asks deep waters.
A half-truth is closer to falsehood than to veracity.
A handful of sand is an anthology of the universe.
A hard life is a free lesson in poetry.
A hard-working farmer has plenty to eat.
A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg.
A hero is a man who does what he can.
A highbrow is a person educated beyond his intelligence.
A house is a large liability masquerading as a safe asset.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
A learned fool is more foolish than an ignorant fool.
A leopard cannot change his spots.
A liar is not believed when he speaks the truth.
A liar needs a good memory.
A lie has a short life, but truth lives on for ever.
A life without tragedy would not be worth living.
A little fire consumes a great wood.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
A little knowledge can be a ridiculous thing.
A little sunlight is the best disinfectant.
A living dog is better than a dead lion.
A long life deprives man of his optimism.
A long tongue is a sign of a short hand.
A man can do everything with a sword except sit on it.
A man can only be young once, but he can be immature forever.
A man doesn't become a failure until he is satisfied with being one.
A man is known to be mortal by two things, sleep and lust.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
A man is not so soon healed as hurt.
A man may lose his goods for want of demanding them.
A man must not swallow more beliefs than he can digest.
A man never becomes an orator if he has anything to say.
A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears.
A man will never change his mind if he has no mind to change.
A man without reason is a beast in season.
A man's envy alludes to where his ambition fails.
A man's library is his map drawn to scale.
A man's soul may be buried under a pile of money.
A mantra is a training device to break you out of your attachments.
A mask tells us more than the face.
A mathematician knows how to solve a problem, but can't do it.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
A moneyless man goes fast through the market.
A museum is a collection of labels, illustrated by specimens.
A nerd is simply someone who thinks exceedingly inside the box.
A nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought.
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
A penalty for hubris is always exacted.
A person before birth knows exactly what they're buying into.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
A pious man is one who would be an atheist if the king were.
A plagiarist steals a writer's mental children.
A political career brings out the basest qualities in human nature.
A pragmatist is one who's ideology/theology has failed.
A prediction is but an explanation in advance.
A President is impeachable if he attempts to subvert the Constitution.
A problem is nothing more than a solution in disguise.
A professorship of theology should have no place in our institution.
A proliferation of theories is a symptom of a lack of data.
A prophet is not without honor save in his own country.
A prosperous fool is a grievous burden.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A scientist must be successful and not a success-fool.
A second fault ought not to be pardoned.
A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.
A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
A slave is one who waits for someone to come and free him.
A small fire makes often a great smoke.
A small leak will sink a great ship.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
A snowflake near lightspeed completely obliterates a planet, even Jupiter.
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
A stupid person cannot be advised.
A system meant for common use should rarely need uncommon knowledge.
A teacher affects eternity.
A thief passes for a gentleman when stealing has made him rich.
A thing is not true for you until it is true in thought, word, and deed.
A tree is known by its fruit.
A tribe is a group of people who honor the same perceptions.
A true leader cannot make anyone do something they do not want to do.
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.
A violent man will die a violent death.
A vision is only as good as the clarity of the image presented.
A wealth of information creates a poverty of attention.
A weed is a plant whose virtues have not been discovered.
A wise man cares not for what he cannot have.
A wise man is never surprised.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A woman is as old as she looks before breakfast.
A woman is as old as she looks to a man who likes to look at her.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A word in time is worth two afterwards.
A word to the wise is enough.
A writer must not shift your point of view.
A yawn is a silent shout.
A young man might have more money than brains
A [person] without religion is like a fish without pajamas.
Ability has nothing to do with opportunity.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence sharpens love. Presence strengthens it.
Absence works wonders.
Accept loneliness as normal, merely a sign that action is required.
Accept your ordination.
Achilles cannot defeat the tortoise if he thinks of space and time.
Action is what separates an opinion from a belief.
Actions speak louder than words.
Adaptation precludes adaptivity.
Addiction is an adaptation. It's not you. It's your cage.
Admit it, unplug, and get it over with.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
Advice is a form of nostalgia.
Advice only works for the people that give it.
Affection blinds reason.
Affection makes a fool of any man.
After a calm comes a storm.
After age 30, we are all in extra innings.
After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.
After enlightenment, do the laundry.
After pleasure comes pain.
After the game, the king and the pawn go in the same box.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
Age is like love, it cannot be hid.
All art is but imitation of nature.
All dreams are possible until proven otherwise.
All education is accompanied by pain.
All finite play is play against itself.
All forms of government are pernicious, including good government.
All generalizations are dangerous, even this one.
All gold is fool's gold.
All good work is done in defiance of management.
All governments need enemies. How else to justify their existence?
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All great discoveries have been made from a willingness to not be right.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
All I know is, I will get guidance when I need it.
All I want from you is your joyful sharing.
All is not lost that is delayed.
All is well that ends well.
All laws are simulations of reality.
All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
All men are mortal.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I should have been more specific.
All philosophy lies in two words: Sustain and abstain.
All professions are organized conspiracies against the laity.
All progress depends on the unreasonable man.
All relationship is a mirror of your relationship with yourself.
All roads in the Middle East lead to the bizarre.
All roads lead to Rome.
All that we may see or seem, is but a dream within a dream.
All things are good untried.
All things merge into one, and a river runs through it.
All things obey money.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers...
All we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
Allow each soul to walk its path.
Allow your children to face the consequences of their actions.
Almost everything looks better after a good night's sleep.
Almost was never hanged.
Alternatives exclude. Saying "yes" to one thing says "no" to another.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
Americans do the right thing, but only after exhausting all other possibilities.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
An aphorism is a one-line novel.
An army is nothing but a well-organized lynch mob.
An army marches on its stomach.
An atheist is one point beyond the devil.
An easy answer to every human problem: Neat, plausible, and wrong.
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
An egg today is better than a hen tomorrow.
An emotionless life is biologically impossible.
An empty man is full of himself.
An empty purse fills the face with wrinkles.
An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.
An era can be said to end when its basic illusions are exhausted.
An honest answer is a sign of true friendship.
An honest man's the noblest work of God.
An idea well-expressed is like a design of gold, set in silver.
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.
An idle brain is the devil's shop.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An occasion lost cannot be redeemed.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
An ounce of good fortune is worth a pound of forecast.
An owl is the king of the night.
Analogies prove nothing... But they can make one feel at home.
And malt does more than Milton can to justify God's ways to man.
And only the good die young.
And that's the way it is...
And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
Angels do not support BS.
Anger goes after the first available target.
Anger is a short madness.
Animals cannot be harvested. They mature, but they do not ripen.
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Answers almost never fulfill the promise of our questions.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any difference that makes a difference is information.
Any difference that makes no difference is noise.
Any doom that can be predicted won't happen.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any fool can make a rule and every fool will mind it.
Any negativity can make you sick.
Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
Any reality that you get stuck in is the wrong one.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Anyone can make history. Only a great man can write it.
Anyone can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error.
Anyone may arrange his affairs so that his taxes shall be as low as possible.
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.
Anything is easy if you can assimilate it to your collection of models.
Anything is possible, but only a few things actually happen.
Appearance VERSUS reality? Appearance IS reality...
Appearances often are deceiving.
Apply good consumerism to your love relationships.
Approach your limits from the safe side.
Architecture is frozen music.
Argue for your limitations and sure enough, they are yours.
Armed with these patterns, we go forward and brilliantly predict... the past.
Art has no enemy but ignorance.
Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Artistic temperament is a disease that afflicts amateurs.
As a rule, pantheism is only a respectful variety of atheism.
As average skill increases, it's more difficult to outperform by large margins.
As far as the question of Martian life, if we don't go, we won't know.
As is the mother, so is her daughter.
As life is to live, so love is to give.
As others hurt and betray us, so are we the perpetrators of pain.
As silent as the grave.
As the area of your knowledge grows, so does the perimeter of your ignorance.
As the body becomes more limited, the soul expands.
As the question, so the answer.
As we migrated into Europe we discovered something new, called winter.
Ask a self-answering question; get a self-questioning answer.
Ask no questions and you will be told no lies.
Ask not for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
Assume the worst, hope for the best, accept reality.
Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
Astrology is true, but the astrologers cannot find it.
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
At either end of the social spectrum there lies a leisure class.
At retirement, human capital falls to zero.
Attachments fall away like a snake sheds its skin.
Attack the problem, not each other.
Avoid unnecessary dependency on large scale, harmful predictions.
Bad is never good until worse happens.
Be a good listener 'cause you never learn much from talking.
Be a light unto the darkness, and curse it not.
Be agreeable in manner, and resolute in action.
Be an expert on what's strong, not on what's wrong.
Be ashamed to die until you have won one victory for humanity.
Be bold in what you stand for and careful what you fall for.
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
Be careful what you plug yourself into.
Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself.
Be fearful when others are greedy, and greedy when others are fearful.
Be good and you will be lonesome.
Be in the world but not of it.
Be kind and courteous to everyone.
Be nice to people on your way up; you'll meet them on your way down.
Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
Be organized: This is a euphemism for being efficiently lazy.
Be sure your ladder of success is leaning against the right wall.
Be thou familiar, but by no means vulgar.
Beauty is one of the rare things which do not lead to doubt of God.
Beauty may have fair leaves, yet bitter fruit.
Beauty that doesn't make a woman vain makes her very beautiful.
Become famous for finishing important, difficult tasks.
Becoming number one is easier than remaining number one.
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
Before thirty, men seek disease; after thirty, diseases seek men.
Before you kill the cat, make arrangements for the mice.
Begin a lesson with a humorous illustration.
Being consistent is less important than being happy.
Being deserving of praise blinds us to flattery.
Being human involves becoming a burden.
Being lazy will make you poor, but hard work will make you rich.
Being on sea, sail; being on land, settle.
Being part of the tribal mind is part of your evolution.
Belief in God? An afterlife? I believe in rock...
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
Belief is not the beginning but the end of all knowledge.
Believe only half of what you see, and nothing that you hear.
Best is best cheap.
Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Better a lean peace than a fat victory.
Better a little loss than a long sorrow.
Better clean death than dirty life.
Better late than never.
Better some of a pudding than none of a pie.
Better the foot slip than the tongue.
Better to be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Better to be patient on the road than a patient in the hospital.
Better to be poor and fear the Lord than to be rich and in trouble.
Better to be the head of an ass than the tail of a horse.
Better to reign in Hell then serve in Heaven.
Better untaught than ill taught.
Between a good reputation and great wealth, choose a good reputation.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes...
Beware of the man of one book.
Beware of the man who has no enemies.
Beware of your wishes: They will probably come true.
Beware temptation
Beware those who cannot tell God's will from their own.
Big brother isn't watching you, you're watching big brother
Bigger isn't always better, but better will always get bigger.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Blessings on him that invented sleep!
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
Books as well as food nourish and warm people. Books make connections.
Boredom: The desire for desires.
Borrowed garments never fit well.
Bumper sticker: My politics don't fit on a bumper sticker.
Bureaucracy: A giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
Business first and pleasure afterwards.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
Busy souls have no time to be busybodies.
But "yes" can mean so many things.
But how can fame and profit concern a man of genius?
But in this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
But it does move!
By their fruit you will recognize them. (By their works ye shall know them.)
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Calling religion a mental illness is really insulting to mentally ill people.
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard and money not scarce?
Care is no cure.
Cast not out the foul water till you bring in the clean.
Celebrity isn't an achievement in itself.
Certain actors in history change the world by staging their own defeat.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when He did not want to sign.
Change your mind as often as the facts change.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
Character is what you are in the dark.
Charity should be spontaneous. Calculated altruism is an affront.
Chastity is more a state of mind than of anatomy.
Chastity is no more a virtue than malnutrition.
Choice is a terrifying power.
Choice of words is spontaneous but no accident.
Choice within constraint is essential; choice without constraint is paralyzing.
Christianity might be a good thing if anyone ever tried it.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Civility is a sign of strength, not weakness.
Civilization is limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Civilization is what the neutron bombs are supposed to leave intact.
Civilization remains a remote ideal.
Civilizations that make it in the long run must reintegrate into the biosphere.
Clarity is power.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Cloning is unnatural, but unnatural isn't... a synonym for bad.
Cogito ergo sum. (I think, therefore I am.)
Collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
College is a refuge from hasty judgment.
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
Command yourself to feel good about yourself.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
Common sense is not so common.
Common sense, in an uncommon degree, is what the world calls wisdom.
Communication is next to impossible with someone who has no doubts.
Companionship is often shared loneliness.
Compensate complexity with simplicity.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Conflict is inevitable but not necessarily bad.
Conflict is not possible without communication.
Conquer yourself instead of the world.
Conscience is God's presence in man.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
Consciousness is a full-time job.
Consciousness is not an emergent property of the universe, but fundamental.
Consciousness means freedom from attachment.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Consistency is the quality of a stagnant mind.
Contentment is the smother of invention.
Contexts serve as (mental) primers.
Counsel must be followed, not praised.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the conquest of it.
Courage is the price life exacts for granting peace.
Cowards are cruel but the brave love mercy.
Creation is a mighty joke, but the laugh is at my own expense.
Creativity, like love, should be diagnosed retrospectively.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
Curiosity is ill manners in another's house.
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.
Darkness is cheap.
De gustibus non es disputandum. (In matters of taste there can be no disputes.)
Death and taxes may be inevitable, but they should not be simultaneous.
Death is a self-fulfilling prophecy. You just don't dwell on it.
Death is every man's final critic. To die well you must live bravely.
Death is the ultimate low, from which we do not recover.
Death keeps no calendar.
Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
Deeds are males, and words are females.
Degrees and credentials are primarily badges of compliance.
Delay is preferable to error.
Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
Delusion fends off disillusion.
Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse.
Democracy is the art of running the circus from the monkey cage.
Democracy is the worst form of government
Democracy means only that people are sovereign; not that they are infallible.
Dependable is not the same as accurate.
Desire unacted is corruption.
Desires and longings are the root cause of all suffering.
Details call things into being.
Did God the designer choose a method designed precisely as if he wasn't there?
Difficult to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation.
Discouragement is simply the despair of wounded self-love.
Discussions of morality must inevitably lead to immoral statements.
Divine justice, and how it plays out, is perfect.
Divorce can be a creative experience.
DNA is not really a thing, it is a memory.
Do not ask for what you will wish you had not got.
Do not be angry with me if I tell you the truth.
Do not beg trouble from the future.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
Do not cross a river if it is four feet deep on average.
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
Do not try to live forever. You will not succeed.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Do the thing and have the power.
Do unto others as they would have you do unto them.
Do what you love, and follow your passion.
Do you wish people to think well of you? Don't speak well of yourself.
Doctors do not cry but men do.
Doctors think many patients are cured who have simply quit in disgust.
Does this path have a heart?
Dogs that bark at a distance bite not at hand.
Doing your best is more important than being the best.
Dollar-cost average your entire life, you'll beat almost everyone who doesn't.
Don't be ashamed to say what you are not afraid to think.
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts.
Don't believe all you hear, spend all you have, or sleep all you want.
Don't change a hair for me, not if you care for me.
Don't confuse mere inconveniences with real problems.
Don't congratulate yourself too much, or berate yourself either.
Don't count the days. Make the days count.
Don't cross the bridge till you get to it.
Don't die until you're dead.
Don't do something. Just stand there.
Don't expect drastic changes fast. Good practices require practice.
Don't judge a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes.
Don't let editors edit the life out of your sentences!
Don't let God laugh alone.
Don't limit your challenges; challenge your limits.
Don't look for the right person; be the right person.
Don't meet troubles half-way.
Don't outlive your money.
Don't put anything in writing that you wouldn't want to see in print.
Don't send your spirit on missions of destruction.
Don't stop along the way at all. That's illusion too.
Don't take anything seriously except happiness.
Don't teach your children what to think; just teach them to think.
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Don't think that a house covered with snow has no fire in it.
Don't use big words for little matters.
Don't use yesterday as an excuse for not being fine.
Don't use your powers, let them go.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
Doubt is humble, and that's what man needs to be.
Draw a circle around your love and hate will walk the line.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die tomorrow.
Dry bread at home is better than roast meat abroad.
Dry socks are far more important than clean underwear.
During depressions, assets return to their rightful owners.
During the lows I find hope in knowing another high will come along.
Each bird loves to hear himself sing.
Each circumstance is a gift, and in each experience is hidden a treasure.
Each day can be whatever it is, and it's all right.
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Each one of us is an experiment-of-one.
Each one of us is plugged into a schemata of archetypal patterns.
Earth is the cradle of reason, but it's impossible to live eternally in cradles.
Eat to live, and not live to eat.
Eclipses clearly illuminate numerous features of society.
Economic compulsion determines ethical perspective.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudice.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Education is a weapon.
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
Education makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Eliminate any artificial "creativity" processes in the company.
Empowering your child does not depower you.
Energy flowing through a system organizes that system into greater complexity.
Energy flows where attention goes.
Engineering is the art of knowing how to avoid difficult issues.
Engineering is the art of making the impossible possible.
Engineers are the natural enemies of marketing people.
Enjoy your body. Use it every way you can.
Enjoy yourself, it's later than you think.
Envy and mediocrity are an explosive mixture.
Established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology.
Eternity is a mere moment, just long enough for a joke.
Eureka!
Even if we fail, we'll learn.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Every 5-7 years, people forget that recessions occur every 5-7 years.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every cubic inch in space is a miracle.
Every day you add one more day to your history.
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
Every fool aspired to be a knave.
Every good idea started out as a bad idea.
Every human is... that profound secret and mystery to every other.
Every man dies... Not every man truly lives.
Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful.
Every man has two vocations: His own and philosophy.
Every man is a fool sometimes, and none at all times.
Every man is all of man.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
Every man is best known to himself.
Every man loves what he is good at.
Every man who takes office in Washington either grows or swells.
Every mile is two in winter.
Every minority group in order to survive works harder than usual.
Every moment is precious. And precarious.
Every nation has the government it deserves.
Every new generation is a fresh invasion of savages.
Every now and then, bite off more than you can chew.
Every pawn move loosens the position.
Every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world.
Every revolution was first a thought in one man's mind.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Every single person has his or her divine purpose for being here.
Every single person you relate to has a completely different culture.
Every truth starts life as a heresy and ends life as an orthodoxy.
Every truth that finally wakes up in you changes the rules of your life.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Everybody has something to conceal.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Everyone does better when everyone does better.
Everyone in favor of birth control has already been born.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts.
Everyone is in the best seat.
Everyone is partly man and partly woman.
Everyone loves praise. Look hard for ways to give it to them.
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about.
Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is.
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything changes but change itself.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Everything has some value
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for.
Everything in excess! To enjoy the flavor of life, take big bites.
Everything in the world may be endured except continual prosperity.
Everything in war is very simple, but the simplest thing is difficult.
Everything in your universe becomes your teacher.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Everything takes longer than you think it will.
Everything tends toward chaos.
Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease.
Evil is never intended as evil.
Evil is the termination of infinite play.
Evil is... the restriction of all play to one or another finite game.
Evolution is a theory that accounts for variety, not superiority.
Examine what is said, not him who speaks.
Example has more followers than reason.
Excellence is not an act but a habit.
Excellent things are hard to come by.
Exceptions are pernicious because they conceal laws.
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
Expectations are resentment in training.
Experience is sometimes dangerous.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Expert advice is a great comfort, even when it is wrong.
Explanation is an antagonistic encounter.
Expressing anger is a form of public littering.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Face reality: Consistently adequate is good enough.
Facts are meaningless except as part of a system.
Facts are stubborn things.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Fair words and foul play cheat both young and old.
Fair words make me look to my purse.
Faith means making a virtue out of not thinking.
Faith without works is dead.
Fake news has real consequences!
Fame is proof that people are gullible.
Fame is the perfume of heroic deeds.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fashion: A despot whom the wise ridicule and obey.
Fate knows best sometimes.
Fear is interest paid on a debt you may not owe.
Fear is the result of impurity.
Fear teaches us in the most graphic terms just what it is we value.
Feelings are neither good nor bad; they are just indicators.
Few of us seem to realize that pleasure is not the same as happiness.
Few people recover from having had a childhood.
Few, if any, survive their teens.
Fifty percent of something is better than 100 percent of nothing.
Figures won't lie, but liars will figure.
Financial diversification means always having to say you are sorry.
Find an aim in life before you run out of ammunition.
Finite play is inherently contradictory; infinite play is paradoxical.
Fire is a low-temperature phenomenon... in the universe.
First in time, first in right.
Flattery is like cologne: To be smelled, but not swallowed.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Focused action beats brilliance any day.
Follow your bliss.
Folly grows without watering.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Fools are always at the bottom of the food chain.
Fools don't attempt suicide; rather, they succeed at it.
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think.
For humans, honest is a matter of degree.
For the love of money is the root of all evil.
For thee the wonder-working Earth puts forth sweet flowers.
For us there is only the trying.
Forbidden fruit is sweet.
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
Forget what you know and learn.
Forget your troubles as easily as you do your blessings.
Forgive us, for we also know not what we don't.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Freedom begins between the ears.
Freedom is its own punishment.
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. War is peace.
Freedom is the recognition of necessity.
Freedom is the right to be wrong, not the right to do wrong.
Freedom, not safety, is the highest good.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
From error to error, one discovers the entire truth.
From fanaticism to barbarism is only one step.
From hearing comes wisdom; from speaking, repentance.
Fruit ripens not well in the shade.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
Genius is born, not paid.
Genuine travel has no destination.
Geologic time is measured by mass extinctions.
Get up one time more than you are knocked down.
Getting old is giving up one damn thing after another.
Ghosts are the insomniacs among the dead.
Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war.
Give religion privilege, and it gets corrupted.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Glory to the pattern finders. They make sense out of apparent chaos.
Goals... Plans... They're fantasies, part of a dream world...
God came to the United States in the form of LSD.
God complains not, but does what is fitting.
God does not play dice with the universe.
God gives us the nuts, but he does not crack them.
God heals and the doctor takes the fee.
God is great, too great for me.
God is not all-powerful as he cannot build a wall he cannot jump.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
God offers to every mind its choice between truth and repose.
God sends meat and the devil sends cooks.
God strikes with his finger, and not with all his arm.
God walking on Earth is more important than man walking on the Moon.
God's career would end tomorrow were there no more problems.
God, it looks like it's going to be you and me for the rest of my life.
Gold that's put to use more gold begets.
Good artists borrow. Great artists steal.
Good behavior is the last refuge of mediocrity.
Good gift: Someone really wants it, but feels guilty buying it for themselves.
Good management is knowing what's fundamental to success and what's not.
Good memories have ill judgements.
Good men are scanty, make much of one.
Good poetry and bad poetry look pretty much the same at fifty yards.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
Good, to forgive; best, to forget.
Gossip is so tasty, how we love to swallow it!
Grace is more beautiful than beauty.
Gratitude is a lively sense of future favors.
Gratitude is the memory of the heart.
Great achievements require relatively few ideas and even less men.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great art is indefinable but that's all right; it exists anyway.
Great art is never perfect; perfect art is never great.
Great blunders are often made, like large ropes, of a multitude of fibers.
Great intellects are skeptical.
Great love and great achievements involve great risk.
Great men have great faults.
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.
Greater qualities are necessary to bear good fortune than bad.
Grown men do not need leaders.
Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.
Half the truth is often a great lie.
Half the world knows not how the other half lives.
Happiness equals reality minus expectations.
Happiness is a perpetual possession of being well deceived.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Happy folks do not make history.
Happy is he that is happy in his children.
Happy is the man who becomes wise, who gains understanding.
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
Haste makes waste.
Hasten slowly.
Hate is a disease, and tolerance is the cure.
Hate stirs up trouble, but love overlooks all offenses.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
Hatred is never ended by hatred but by love.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Have the courage to be honest with yourself.
Have you ever gone out to see how much fun you'd be to be with?
Having been poor is no shame, but being ashamed of it, is.
Having made one lie, he is fain to make more to maintain it.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
He bears misery best that hides it most.
He cannot be good that knows not why he is good.
He cries wine and sells vinegar.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
He has slept well that remembers not he has slept ill.
He is a good orator who convinces himself.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
He is poor indeed that can promise nothing.
He is the best of men who dislikes power.
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
He knows not what good is who has not tried what evil is.
He laughs best that laughs last.
He loses his thanks who promises and delays.
He loses indeed that loses at last.
He loses nothing who keeps God for his friend.
He or she who would gather roses must not fear thorns.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
He sits not sure that sits too high.
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
He that brings good news knocks hard.
He that cannot abide a bad market deserves not a good one.
He that cannot pay let him pray.
He that counts all costs will never put plow in the earth.
He that falls in love with himself, will have no rivals.
He that fears you present will hate you absent.
He that has a full purse never wanted a friend.
He that has no money needs no purse.
He that hurts another hurts himself.
He that is born a fool is never cured.
He that is carried down the stream need not row.
He that is fallen cannot help him that is down.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that knows little soon repeats it.
He that knows nothing doubts nothing.
He that lends, gives.
He that lies upon the ground can fall no lower.
He that lives most, dies most.
He that lives well is learned enough.
He that lives wickedly can hardly die honestly.
He that loves well sees afar off.
He that makes a thing too fine, breaks it.
He that seeks finds.
He that sleeps with dogs must rise up with fleas.
He that speaks to a fool, talks to himself.
He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill.
He that steals honey should beware of the sting.
He that will be served, must be patient.
He that will enter into Paradise must have a good key.
He was meant for a gentleman, but was spoilt in the making.
He who angers you, conquers you.
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
He who defines the terms wins the argument.
He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
He who gives promptly gives twice.
He who has a WHY to live for can bear with almost any HOW.
He who hesitates is lost.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
He who owes is in all wrong.
He who sees much can endure much.
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
He who would climb the ladder must begin at the bottom.
He's poor as Job, and not so patient.
Health follows a change in mindset, just as in the case for placebos.
Hearts may agree, though heads differ.
Heaven does not worth according to human justice.
Heaven has no regard for physical comfort.
Heaven is to be at peace with all things.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
Hell is always open.
Hell is wherever heaven is not.
Her head looks as if it had worn out two bodies.
Here it is standing: Atoms with consciousness; matter with curiosity.
Here lies a good fellow who spent his life while he had it.
Hey, everything goes wrong every minute. What you do is fix it.
Higher technology does not necessarily equate to higher anything else.
Historians are gossips who tease the dead.
History develops, art stands still.
History is any succession of events seen with the effect of posteriority.
History is not a spectator sport.
History is written by the survivors.
History knows no resting places and no plateaus.
History may not repeat but sometimes it rhymes.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Home is home, though it be never so homely.
Home is the sailor, home from the sea...
Home is where I want to be, but I guess I'm already there.
Honor lies in honest toil.
Hope is not a great investment strategy.
Hope is the poor man's bread.
Hope keeps man alive.
Hot love is soon cold.
Hot tempers cause arguments, but patience brings peace.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
How are you going to shape the future if you don't know the past?
How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then rest afterward.
How can I know what I think until I see what I say?
How can so many take The Amazing Journey and not be amazed?
How do we acquire wisdom along with all these shiny things?
How does a project get to be a year late? One day at a time.
How long does it take to learn that violence begets violence?
Human beings live longer and better when they enjoy what they do.
Human rationality isn't a scientist, it's a lawyer.
Humans are captivated by stories, but largely oblivious to data.
Humans are communications junkies. We just can't get enough.
Humans are motivated by what has been done for them lately.
Humans can't think randomly.
Humans need simple answers for complex problems.
Humble hearts have humble desires.
Humility is a virtue when you have no other.
Humility to genius is as an extinguisher to a candle.
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Hunger is not caused by scarcity of food but scarcity of democracy.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Hunger knows no friend.
Hurt people hurt people.
Hypocrites are real atheists.
I am a deeply religious non-believer. This is a somewhat new kind of religion.
I am an enemy of the State. But isn't everyone?
I am becoming more energy than matter.
I am convinced the desire to formulate truths is a virulent disease.
I am cured of my illness; I am healed with my illness.
I am exactly where I am supposed to be.
I am glad I will not be young in a future without wilderness.
I am looking for an honest man.
I am not this thought.
I am the story I tell myself.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
I believe in nothing that I cannot touch, kiss, embrace...
I can believe anything, provided it is incredible.
I can't afford to waste my time making money.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
I cannot be alone; it's not possible.
I cannot prove this statement is true.
I cannot tell you my truth until you stop telling me yours.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
I do not believe in personal immortality; it seems so unnecessary.
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
I don't gamble. There are other ways to win at life.
I don't know, I don't care, and it doesn't make any difference.
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
I don't see why any system of beliefs deserves respect simply because it exists.
I don't think comedy is an escape from tragedy. They are both life.
I don't want to make money. I just want to be wonderful.
I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I find great humor in the fact that we ever take ourselves seriously.
I forgive and quite forget old faults.
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
I have been a lucky man. But someone has to be.
I have lost all and found myself.
I have met my hero, and he is me.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I have never, ever seen God come through the front door.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
I have nothing to say, and I am saying it.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
I have with me two gods, Persuasion and Compulsion.
I know what I know, but I will keep it to myself.
I like being single. I am always there when I need me.
I might make you feel, but I can't make you think.
I never know how much of what I say is true.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
I never tried quitting, and I never quit trying.
I never wish for anyone's death, but read a few obituaries with a chuckle.
I only know what I read in the papers.
I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest.
I put up my thumb... And it blotted out the planet Earth.
I realized something about perfection... It comes only with time.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
I saw that, finally, my responsibility was to work on myself.
I say little but think the more.
I seem to be a verb.
I strive to be brief but I become obscure.
I think time is a merciless thing.
I touch the future. I teach.
I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just.
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
I understand why you are confused. You're thinking too much.
I used to be disgusted, now I find I am just amused.
I wanted to do it just as he did; so I began to learn.
I wasted time and now doth time waste me.
I will do nothing for you that you will not do for your Self.
I wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then.
I would consider it an honor to be fossilized.
I would like to know what I was fencing in and what I was fencing out.
I would rather be the first man here than the second in Rome.
I [am] a channel through which music emerges from the chaos of noise.
I'd much rather see lube oil running out of a bearing than metal particles.
I'll meet you... on the dark side... of the moon...
I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.
I'm always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way!
I'm running out of cheeks to turn.
I've finally become what I had merely intended to seem.
If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
If a cat has nine lives, a lie has ninety-nine.
If a document is over two pages long, few people will ever read it.
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
If a guy is over 25% jerk, he's in trouble.
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
If a man hears much that a woman says, she is not beautiful.
If a person can't communicate, the very least he can do is to shut up!
If a plant grows in abundance, it is a plant of virtue.
If a string has one end, then it has another end.
If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If anything is sacred, the human body is sacred.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If Christ were here now there is one thing he would not be
If everybody was satisfied with himself, there would be no heroes.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
If guns are outlawed, only the government will have guns.
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
If he works for you, you work for him.
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
If I had finished this sentence.
If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
If it works, don't fix it.
If love is blind, it best agrees with night.
If money is a means to an end, then inflation is an end to the means.
If N=1, all bets are off.
If one tells the truth, one is sure sooner or later, to be found out.
If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker.
If peace cannot be maintained with honor, it is no longer peace.
If people behaved like governments, you'd call the cops.
If plugged into tribal thought forms, you're also plugged into tribal diseases.
If religion remains unchallenged, so are the social problems that come with it.
If slavery is not wrong, nothing is wrong.
If the bed could tell all it knows it would put many to the blush.
If the solution is too complex you haven't stated the problem right.
If the universe is the answer, what is the question?
If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
If there is no wind, row.
If we could love our enemies we would have none.
If we crave some cosmic purpose, let us find ourselves a worthy goal.
If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
If we look for the good in others, we discover the best in ourselves.
If we stop trying to understand things, we'll all be sunk.
If wilderness is outlawed, only outlaws can save wilderness.
If ye sow the wind, ye shall reap the whirlwind.
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
If you are at the poker table wondering who the patsy is, it's probably you.
If you are going to make rubbish, be the best rubbish in it.
If you are wise, you will keep quiet.
If you brutalize the world around you, you also brutalize yourself.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
If you can't be right, at least be consistent.
If you choose not to decide you still have made a choice.
If you dig a pit, you will fall in it.
If you do not go within, you go without.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
If you don't deal with anger, it will deal with you.
If you don't know the world, you can't take appropriate action in the world.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will take you there.
If you don't like a job, don't get good at it.
If you don't like change, you're going to like irrelevance even less.
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
If you don't read, you're not any better than people who can't read.
If you don't scale the mountain, you can't see the plain.
If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
If you don't understand my silence, you will never understand my words.
If you don't visit a bad neighborhood, it will visit you.
If you dress like you know what you're doing, people will think you do.
If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
If you flatter your friends, you set a trap for yourself.
If you give love, it has to be unconditional; there is no other kind.
If you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you.
If you have to ask what jazz is, you will never know.
If you keep people awake long enough, you can make them believe anything.
If you knew what you were doing you would probably be bored.
If you know your best, it's easier to say no to the merely good.
If you lend money in close friendship, it is sure to close friendship.
If you lie upon roses when young, you'll lie upon thorns when old.
If you make demands, you are trapped in others's actions.
If you must fly, fly well.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
If you reach the endzone, act like you've been there before.
If you see fraud and don't shout fraud, you are a fraud.
If you share less, you will find you have less to share.
If you steal for others you shall be hanged yourself.
If you struggle with money, you will struggle in life.
If you take care of the future, you take care of yourself.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you think adventure is dangerous, try routine. It is lethal.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
If you think you're free, there's no escape possible.
If you treat people right they will treat you right
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it.
If you want divine justice, die.
If you want something different, do something different.
If you want to annoy your neighbors, tell the truth about them.
If you want to test a man's character, give him power.
If you want unconditional enthusiasm and love, get a dog.
If you would be at ease, all the world is not.
If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
If you would make an enemy, lend a man money, and ask it of him again.
If you wouldn't shoot your mother for it, it's not worth taxing.
If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
If you're gonna be dumb, you'd better be tough.
If you're in debt, you can't say no.
If you're not allowed to laugh in heaven, I don't want to go there.
If youth but knew, if old age but could.
Ignorance doesn't kill you, but it makes you sweat a lot.
Ignorance is the first guarantee of poverty and peonage.
Ignorance, like faith and love, often blinds men.
Ignore people who refuse to change their mind when the facts change.
Illness is nothing more than yet another form of neutral experience.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
Imagine there's no heaven... It's easy if you try.
Imitation is the sincerest flattery.
Immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
Importance is one of the most important of our illusions.
Important if true.
Impurity means thoughts which define oneself as separate.
In a hierarchy every employee rises to his level of incompetence.
In a leopard the spots are not observed.
In a nation of sheep, one brave man forms a majority.
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
In a world without sorrow, nightingales would burp.
In all labor there is profit, but mere talk leads only to poverty.
In art as in life, form and subject, body and soul, are one.
In calm waters, every ship has a good captain.
In charity there is no excess.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
In every country the sun rises in the morning.
In expressing love we belong among the undeveloped countries.
In giving advice seek to help, not to please your friend.
In her dealings with man Destiny never closes her accounts.
In investing, a sign you are doing the right thing is that it hurts.
In life, some people get "shipped and handled" more than others.
In loosing time, a man gets no money.
In love's wars he who flies is conqueror.
In medicine, sins of commission are mortal, sins of omission venial.
In modern life nothing produces such an effect as a good platitude.
In order to be it you've got to give up knowing you know.
In our lives, death is both more removed and with us constantly.
In painting you must give the idea of the true by means of the false.
In sickness health is known.
In silence also there's a worth that brings no risk.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
In the absence of that which is not, that which IS, is NOT.
In the deepest water is the best fishing.
In the long run we're all dead.
In the matter of taxation, every privilege is an injustice.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
In the midst of movement and activity, carry your stillness within you.
In the moment you pledge your highest love, you greet your greatest fear.
In vino veritas. (In wine there is truth.)
In war, truth is the first casualty.
In Washington (DC), the urgent overwhelms the important.
In writing, fidelity to fact leads eventually to the poetry of truth.
Income almost always summons expenses.
Individuals often forget and forgive, but societies never do.
Individuals resist factual information that threatens their defining values.
Infinite speech has the form of listening.
Infinite speech is not ABOUT anything; it is always TO someone.
Information in the present can change the past.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Innocence is no protection.
Innovation is hard to schedule.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Instead of panicking, detach like Buddha.
Insulting those who don't already hold your point of view isn't persuasive.
Integrity has no need of rules.
Intellect annuls Fate. So far as a man thinks, he is free.
Intellectual objectivity is often seduced by semantic skullduggery.
Intelligence is the art of good guessing.
Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing.
Intelligent people think before they speak.
Intimacy comes from the resolution of conflict, not the lack of it.
Intimacy is the exchange of vulnerabilities.
Intolerance is a state no tolerant man can tolerate.
Intuitive insight is not a gift, it is a skill.
Investing is simple, but not easy.
Investing is simple, but taxes aren't.
Investing is taking a risk only when you expect a positive return.
Investing isn't a game, and doing it right really isn't any fun.
Investing should oscillate between boring and painful.
Investors should remember that excitement and expenses are their enemies.
Irritation is one of the great gifts we give each other.
Is a mirage real? Well, it's a real mirage.
Is no one inspired by our present picture of the universe?
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?
Is this true or only clever?
It ain't over till it's over.
It costs more to do ill than to do well.
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
It is a principle function of society to validate titles.
It is a principle of human nature to hate those whom you have injured.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
It is a short way from the penthouse to the outhouse.
It is all a game; play it to have fun.
It is always best to do a thing wrong the first time.
It is always with the best intentions that the worst work is done.
It is amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity...
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
It is as cheap sitting as standing.
It is as good to be in the dark as without light.
It is better never to begin than never to make an end.
It is better to be a beggar than a fool.
It is better to be a martyr than a confessor.
It is better to be happy than wise.
It is better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
It is better to buy than borrow.
It is better to go by your enemy's grave than his gate.
It is better to go to heaven in rags than to hell in embroidery.
It is better to have than to hear of a good thing.
It is better to know nothing than to know what ain't so.
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers.
It is better to know, than not to know.
It is better to pass a danger once than be always in fear.
It is better to say, "here it is" than, "here it was.
It is better to speak truth rudely than lie covertly.
It is better to travel in hope than arrive in despair.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is better to win control over yourself than over whole cities.
It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
It is easier to be wise for others than for oneself.
It is easier to fight for principles than live up to them.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
It is extraordinary how extraordinary the ordinary person is.
It is good to have some friends both in heaven and hell.
It is good to marry late or never.
It is hard having a hierarchical mind in a serial world.
It is hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
It is in surrendering that the victory is won.
It is incumbent on every generation to pay its own debts.
It is just as easy to make a dollar today as it will be next year.
It is lost that is unsought.
It is more pain to do nothing than something.
It is much easier and much faster to destroy than to build.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
It is necessary to think even to decide which facts to collect.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
It is no good trying to teach people who need to be taught.
It is not enough to be a strong player, one must also play well.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
It is not every question that deserves an answer.
It is not granted to man to love and to be wise.
It is not honest to be tactful.
It is not necessary to appreciate fine wine to drink it.
It is not possible to step in the same river twice.
It is not the beard that makes the philosopher.
It is not the perfect but the imperfect who have need of love.
It is not who you know, it's what you are.
It is not wise to show one's heart to the world.
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
It is personalities, not principles, that move the age.
It is sin to think evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
It is smart to pick your friends
It is so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
It is so very difficult for a sick man not to be a scoundrel.
It is sometimes necessary to belabor the obvious.
It is stupid to get drunk.
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
It is the confession, not the priest, that gives us absolution.
It is the nature of people to love, then destroy, then love again...
It is the sick oyster which possesses the pearl.
It is the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors.
It is to no purpose to counsel him who is lucky.
It is tragic when a man outlives his body.
It is unwise to be too sure on one's wisdom.
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
It may not be true but it is well contrived.
It pleases me as much to doubt as to know.
It takes a certain brilliance to keep a simple idea simple.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
It takes all sorts to make a world.
It was a dream of perfect bliss, too beautiful to last.
It was fear that first made gods in the world.
It was only in my forties that I started to feel young.
It's a cold bowl of chili when love lets you down.
It's a terrific burden being right and competent all the time.
It's a total freedom when the other person says: Do what you want to do.
It's all right to be Goliath, but always act like David.
It's better that we disagree than be in agreement and all be wrong.
It's for fun. Money's just the way we keep score.
It's kind of silly and fun... But I think silly fun things are important.
It's not a question of who's right and who's wrong, but of what do we do now?
It's not bragging if you can back it up.
It's the thought that counts.
It's time to take on self-creation and move away from the tribal.
It's very hard to define entropy for the entire universe.
It's what you do after you're born that counts.
Jesus don't walk on water no more; his feet leak.
Job descriptions are hideously cumulative.
Judge a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
Judge not, and neither condemn, for you know not why a thing occurs...
Judging is like telling God that the divine doesn't know what it's doing.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Justice is incidental to law and order.
Keep a diary, and some day it'll keep you.
Keep an open mind, but not so open that your brains fall out.
Keep the promises you've made to yourself.
Keep your old love letters. Throw away your old bank statements.
Kill reverence and you've killed the hero in man.
Kind hearts are soonest wronged.
Know yourself thoroughly and compromise carefully.
Knowing through intellect is merely another power.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge makes one laugh, but wealth makes one dance.
Knowledge steepens our soul's angle of repose.
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
Language is the most powerful tool ever invented anywhere by anyone.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
Law is the process by which the unmanifest becomes the manifest.
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
Law, without force, is impotent.
Laws are made to protect citizens, not please them.
Laws grind the poor, and rich men rule the law.
Lazy people should learn a lesson from the way ants live.
Leaders have a bias for action.
Learn to be intense without being tense. Pressure is not tension.
Learn to disagree without being disagreeable.
Learn to evaluate how much energy you have invested in your perceptions.
Learning is not compulsory... Neither is survival.
Learning is the eye of the mind.
Leave no stone unturned.
Lend and lose; so play fools.
Less is more.
Let a fool be made serviceable according to his folly.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let go of things that don't serve you.
Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Let nature take her own course.
Let not your sun go down on your wrath.
Let other people praise you, even strangers; never do it yourself.
Let reason rule all your actions.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let thy speech be better than silence, or be silent.
Let us run with patience the race that is set before us.
Let your words be the very picture of your heart.
Let's make the facts louder than the opinion.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
Liberty is not for the faint of heart.
Life attracts life.
Life can hardly survive truly interesting times.
Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward.
Life consists of what a man is thinking of all day.
Life defies one line characterization.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates life.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it.
Life is a business which does not cover its expenses.
Life is a comedy to him who thinks, and a tragedy to him who feels.
Life is a game in which what is not, is more important than what is.
Life is a handicap event, and a winner may finish deep in the pack.
Life is a meaningless comma in the sentence of time.
Life is a series of collisions with the future.
Life is a situation comedy that will never be canceled.
Life is cruel? Compared to what?
Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
Life is information that replicates.
Life is just one damned thing after another.
Life is just too complicated to be smart all the time.
Life is like photography, you use the negative to develop.
Life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation.
Life is not having been told that the man has just waxed the floor.
Life is one long process of tiring.
Life is one long struggle in the dark.
Life is really generous to those who pursue their destiny.
Life is short; don't waste too much time rearranging the atoms.
Life is shot at us point-blank.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
Life is the cumulative effect of a handful of significant shocks.
Life is the greatest bargain: We get it for nothing.
Life is the living you do; death is the living you don't do.
Life is the process of making and distributing free lunches.
Life is too important to take seriously.
Life is too short to be little.
Life is too tragic for sadness: Let us rejoice.
Life is tough, but it's tougher if you're stupid.
Life is unfair. And it's not fair that life is unfair.
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Life is what you do while you are waiting to die.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life runs on current sunlight; we run on ancient photosynthesis (fossil fuels).
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Life uses local resources.
Life without a friend, is death without a witness.
Life your life so that if someone says, "Be yourself," it's good advice.
Lifeless bees do not gather honey.
Like a river, money must keep flowing; otherwise it begins to stagnate.
Like any kind of gear, backpacking gear suffers from diminishing returns.
Little fishes slip through nets, but great fishes are taken.
Little things console us because little things afflict us.
Live each day as if it were your last.
Live now: There's plenty of time to be dead later.
Live your life as if it matters to Life, and it will.
Living means dying.
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Loneliness is God's waiting room.
Long before you learn about forgiveness, you learn about tribal justice.
Look at everything through a tribal perspective.
Look before you leap.
Look for a life partner who is soul food, not eye candy.
Look not on pleasures as they come but as they go.
Looking breeds liking.
Losing makes winning worthwhile.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Lovability starts with loving yourself.
Love (the feeling) is the fruit of love (the verb).
Love and gluttony justify everything.
Love asks faith, and faith asks firmness.
Love comes in at the window and goes out at the door.
Love covers a multitude of faults.
Love everyone, serve everyone, and remember God.
Love goes toward love.
Love is a human religion in which another is believed in.
Love is a much stronger drug than LSD.
Love is a verb.
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing...
Love is divine power.
Love is full of fear.
Love is measured not in moments of time, but in timeless moments.
Love is not something you have; it is something you do.
Love is sweet in the beginning but sour in the ending.
Love is the force that makes us fully human.
Love is unconditional caring for an imperfect being.
Love makes one fit for any work.
Love means adapting yourself to another person's needs.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
Love needs no teaching.
Love never dies of starvation, but often of indigestion.
Love relationships are the highest risk investments you will ever make.
Love should make marriage, and not marriage love.
Love springs from elements we have within our grasp.
Love truth, pardon error.
Love will not overcome a lack of parity.
Love your friend, but look to yourself.
Love your neighbor, yet don't pull down your hedge.
Luck is when preparation and opportunity meet.
Lucky in life, unlucky in love.
Lying is a way of taking personal responsibility for reality.
Machinery... always requires a search for consumable power.
Magisterial speech is amplified speech; it is speech that silences.
Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
Make choices and decisions, not judgements and demands.
Make haste slowly.
Make much of what you have.
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
Man can believe the impossible, but never the improbable.
Man does what he can, and God what he will.
Man is a dog's idea of what God should be.
Man is a military animal; glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
Man is a wolf to man.
Man is born to live, and not to prepare to live.
Man is by nature a political animal.
Man is not a lovable animal.
Man is not disturbed about things, but by his opinion about things.
Man is the child of customs, not the child of his ancestors.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man must decide... What will be the monument of his existence.
Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Man punishes the action, but God the intention.
Man shall not live by bread alone.
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Many a man would have been worse if his estate had been better.
Many give advice; few give help.
Many hands make light work.
Many lords, many laws.
Many men counsel others better than themselves.
Many receive advice, few profit by it.
Many would be cowards if they had courage enough.
Many young scientists work too much and read and think too little.
Marriage is a covenant between two people notarized by God.
Mathematics and death are never in error.
Maximize the serendipity around you.
May the road rise up to greet you, and the wind always be at your back.
May you always have the strength to enjoy your weaknesses.
May you live in interesting times.
Maybe I was a little bit too optimistic. Success can't be predicted.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Memory is the medium of the must-have-been.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
Men always learn from their mistakes how to make new ones.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
Men are more concerned to use ideas than to understand them.
Men behave wisely once they have exhausted all alternatives.
Men dream more about coming home than about leaving.
Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
Men have become the tools of their tools.
Men love to hear well of themselves.
Men love with their eyes; women love with their ears.
Men take only their needs into consideration; never their abilities.
Men will believe more easily that which they do not understand.
Metaphysics is a cobweb that the mind weaves around things.
Midnight shakes the memory as a madman shakes a dead geranium.
Mind manifests in matter.
Mind other men, but most yourself.
Minds are like parachutes; they only function when fully open.
Mistrust is the most necessary characteristic of the chess player.
Moderates give a power base to extremists.
Moderation in all things.
Money alone sets the world in motion.
Money answers all things.
Money drives politics, often over cliffs.
Money has no memory.
Money is a good servant but a bad master.
Money is like an arm or a leg: Use it or lose it.
Money is often lost for want of money.
Money makes money.
Money never made a fool of anybody; it only shows them up.
Morality is a private and costly luxury.
Morality is the root, as well as consequence, of survival.
More happiness, less stuff: Shouldn't that be our whole society's objective?
More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
More people would learn from their mistakes if not so busy denying them.
Most of the desires we have do not need physical bodies to be satisfied.
Most people change because they are forced to.
Most people deserve each other.
Most people die at 25 but aren't buried until they're 75.
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
Most religious teachers (try) to prove the unproven by the unprovable.
Mountaineers are almost always right when they "go with their gut.
Mountains are good for us. They get us to increase our effort.
Much law, but little justice.
Much learning makes men mad.
Much tells me little; little tells me much.
Muddy water let stand becomes clear.
Music clouds the intellect but clarifies the heart.
Music endures and ages far better than books.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music is the eye of the ear.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
Mutual respect is the key to avoiding conflict.
My body takes commands from my soul.
My boys, let us be grave: Here comes a fool.
My job is an interesting hobby. I take everything else seriously.
My job is just to work on myself, and if anything happens, it happens.
My life is an extraordinary series of mistakes.
My old information was held hostage by the tool I used to create it.
My only concern is to set man absolutely, unconditionally free.
My purpose for you is that you should know yourself as me.
Myth is the highest form of our listening to each other.
Nagging is the repetition of unpalatable truths.
Nationalism is an infantile disease; it is the measles of mankind.
Nature always has more imagination than we have.
Nature is indifferent to our love, but never unfaithful.
Nature is not benign. Natural laws have no pity.
Nature must be interpreted as matter, energy, and information.
Nature tries everything at least once.
Nature, time, and patience are the three great physicians.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
Neither in hope nor in fear.
Neutrality is at times a greater sin than belligerence.
Never appeal to a man's "better nature". He may not have one.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Never before have so many people known so little about so much.
Never buy a thing you don't want merely because it is dear.
Never change a winning theme.
Never confuse "I love you" with "I want to marry you.
Never debate; escalate.
Never give up, for that is just the time that the tide will turn.
Never interrupt when you are being flattered.
Never let a major crisis go to waste.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Never let yourself think that you are wiser than you are.
Never lose a holy curiosity.
Never lose your ignorance; you cannot replace it.
Never move a pawn and you will never lose a game.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Never rely on what you think you know.
Never risk what you can't afford to lose.
Never speak more clearly than you think.
Never swap your integrity for money, power, or fame.
Never take what you cannot use.
Never trust a friend who deserts you at a pinch.
Never trust anyone who can't say: "I don't know.
Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.
Never underestimate the stimulation of eccentricity.
Never volunteer for anything.
Nine men in ten are suicides.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
No bucks, no Buck Rogers.
No evil proceeds on any grounds of reason.
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness.
No light, but rather darkness visible.
No man can bargain with a clock.
No man can be a patriot on an empty stomach.
No man is a hero to his valet.
No man is an island.
No man is good enough to govern another without that other's consent.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
No man is wise enough to be another man's master.
No man lives so poor as he was born.
No man who needs a monument ever ought to have one.
No man's credit is as good as his money.
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the Legislature is in session.
No matter how much cynicism you have, it is never enough to keep up.
No matter how smart you are, you spend much of your day being an idiot.
No matter what a guy thinks of, it's almost always false.
No matter what we are talking about, we are talking about ourselves.
No matter what you do, you are intuitive.
No matter who's in my life, they're there by divine design.
No news is good news.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one ever listened himself out of a job.
No one gets off this planet unenlightened.
No one is rich enough to do without a neighbor.
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
No one understands everything, and no one needs to.
No opinion has ever been too errant to become creed.
No people do so much harm as those who go about doing good.
No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it.
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
No region can include itself as well.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No tyranny is more fierce than the tyranny of morality.
No value can be put upon good counsel.
Nobility is expensive, non-productive, and parasitic.
Nobody ever got a rainbow unless they got some rain.
Nobody ever got to the top without slipping up.
Nobody has so many friends that he can afford to lose one.
Nobody roots for Goliath.
Noncooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
None knows the weight of another's burden.
None love the bearer of bad news.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
Nonsense needs complex misdirection to make it sound plausible.
Not all who own a harp are harpers.
Not doing more than average is what keeps the average down.
Not everyone whose eyes are closed is asleep.
Not failure, but low aim is sin.
Not getting what you want is sometimes a stroke of good luck.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing dries sooner than tears.
Nothing endures but change.
Nothing ever fatigues me, except that which I dislike.
Nothing focuses the mind like a hanging.
Nothing great is ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is as simple as we hope it will be.
Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little.
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Nothing is more annoying than a low man raised to a high position.
Nothing is so firmly believed as which is least known.
Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation beginning to improve.
Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Nothing's beautiful from every point of view.
Notice how your desires keep manifesting in thoughts.
Nowadays, the illiterates can read and write.
Obedience is much more seen in little things than in great.
Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
Obstinancy is the strength of the weak.
Of all forms of currency, guilt is the most inconvertible.
Of course life is finite, but the only sane way to live is to pretend otherwise.
Of making many books there is no end.
Of money, wit, and virtue believe one-fourth of what you hear.
Often it's not the water but the cup.
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
Old friendships bear witness to your life in its entirety.
Old love will not be forgotten.
Old thanks pay not for a new debt.
Once a thief, always a thief.
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
Once one has tasted life, death doesn't even seem natural.
Once you become a walker, you become a conservationist.
Once you realize God knows everything, you're free.
One bad general is better than two good ones.
One big pile is better than two little piles.
One by one, like leaves from a tree, all my faiths have forsaken me.
One can acquire everything in solitude except character.
One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing.
One can hardly please all men.
One can never consent to creep when one feels the impulse to soar.
One can only accept in others what one can accept in oneself.
One cannot prevent a problem by pretending that it doesn't exist.
One good turn deserves another.
One hand cannot applaud.
One has a right to judge a man by the effect he has over his friends.
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
One mad action is not enough to prove a man mad.
One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
One man's gain is another man's loss.
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
One master in any house is enough.
One may sooner fall than rise.
One must be frank to be relevant.
One must imagine Sisyphus happy.
One never goes so far as when one doesn't know where one is going.
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea.
One pair of ears dry a hundred tongues.
One pardons in the degree that one loves.
One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
One should never do anything one cannot talk about after dinner.
One word is worth a thousand pictures. If it's the right word.
Only a fool is astonished by the foolishness of mankind.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Only a moralist advocates a virtue even to those incapable of it.
Only a strong player knows how weakly he plays.
Only cowards insult dying majesty.
Only fools are positive.
Only ideas that we actually live by are of any value.
Only invest in products and companies you can explain to a six year old.
Only military people deal with randomness with genuine... intellectual honesty.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Only the educated are free.
Only the ephemeral is of lasting value.
Only what we partly know inspires us with the desire to know more.
Opinions cannot survive if one has no chance to fight for them.
Opposites attract.
Our bodies were designed to have integrity.
Our fantasies are stepping stones to our realities.
Our greatest weariness comes from work not done.
Our idea was if you couldn't find a job, you'd make one for yourself.
Our money can never be as valuable as our memories or our friendships.
Our property must intrude on another, stand in another's way.
Our self image is our window to our world.
Our sins and our debts are often more than we think.
Our spirit is fuel; it is energy.
Our stuff has become a "footprint" that is trampling on our Garden of Eden.
Our sun rises precisely where we choose to see it rise.
Our whole society is addicted to debt.
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Over my mask / is your mask of me.
Own the market rather than try to outsmart it.
Pain makes cowards of us all.
Painted pictures are dead speakers.
Paradise for a happy man lies in his own good nature.
Passion is as crucial as rocket fuel when you're trying to leave Earth.
Patience is a flower that grows not in every one's garden.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Patience, time, and money accommodate all things.
Patriotism is inherently belligerent.
Pauca sed matura. (Few but excellent.)
Pawn endings are to chess what putting is to golf.
Pay attention to what you want to control.
Pay attention, and you will have understanding.
Peace of mind makes the body healthy, but jealousy is like cancer.
People are better than their theology.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
People become how they're treated.
People don't govern better than they campaign.
People don't want to write. They want to have written.
People free to do as they choose usually imitate what others are doing.
People get better if you pay attention to them.
People like to talk more than they like to listen.
People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
People often don't value what they don't pay for.
People only accept change in necessity, and see necessity only in crisis.
People only pay attention to what they discover for themselves.
People optimize that which is measured, and hide their dirt elsewhere.
People tend to steer in the direction of the object that has their attention.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
People who censor books are usually illiterate.
People who cry frequently enjoy better health overall.
People who do know history repeat it as long as it is profitable.
People who don't have goals work for those who do.
People who have nothing to say are never at loss in talking.
People who set traps for others get caught themselves.
People who value security more than liberty will have neither.
People with a hot temper do foolish things; wiser people remain calm.
Perfection is a minor virtue.
Personal finance is 80% behavior and 20% head knowledge.
Personality is to man what perfume is to a flower.
Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
Philosophy just fools you into thinking what you do is right.
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
Physicians kill more than they cure.
Pictures are the books of the unlearned.
Pigs treat us as equals.
Plain dealing is praised more than practiced.
Plan carefully what you do, and whatever you do will turn out right.
Plan for success, and deal with failure.
Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.
Plants stand still and wait to be counted.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Plenty breeds pride.
Plug yourself into the attitude of gratitude.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
Politicians are the only people who create problems, then campaign against them.
Politics has slain its thousands, but religion has slain its tens of thousands.
Poor is a man whose words die with him.
Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime.
Power attracts the corruptible.
Power does not corrupt man; fools in a position of power corrupt power.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Practice may not make perfect, but it makes permanent.
Practice yourself what you preach.
Praise the sea, but keep on land.
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
Prayer should never be answered; if it is... it becomes correspondence.
Pretense is always a prologue.
Principles have no real force except when one is well fed.
Problems that go away by themselves come back by themselves.
Program yourself to become intuitively aware.
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.
Progress stops on satisfaction.
Promises are like pie-crust, made to be broken.
Prophecy is many times the principal cause of the events foretold.
Prosperity makes friends; adversity tries them.
Prototype designs always work.
Prototyping is always unexpectedly expensive.
Providing too much information defeats the purpose of providing any.
Psychoanalysis is the mental disease whose therapy it claims to be.
Psychotherapy is just as high as the psychotherapist.
Public property is never so well taken care of as private property.
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Questions are never indiscreet; answers sometimes are.
Quick believers need broad shoulders.
Quiet the outer world, so that the inner world might bring you sight.
Quietness is a great treasure.
Quit while you're ahead.
Rather sell than be poor.
Readers are not interested in the mechanics of authorship.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Real epidemiologists don't shake hands.
Real politics are the possession and distribution of power.
Real poverty is lack of books.
Real wealth can only increase.
Reality often astonishes theory.
Reason and love keep little company nowadays.
Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
Reason has seldom failed us because it has seldom been tried.
Reasonable people find it difficult to... understand unreasonable behaviour.
Reformers should be conscious of the law of unintended consequences.
Refuse to replicate your own dehumanization.
Relationships are a wonderful way of getting your buttons pushed.
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.
Religion is a defense against the experience of God.
Religion is certainty without proofs.
Religion is the fashionable substitute for Belief.
Religion is the opium of the people.
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Religion may be morally useful without being intellectually sustainable.
Religion... enables humans who don't have all the answers to think that they do.
Religions are like glow worms, they require darkness to shine.
Religions die when they are proved to be true.
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
Rely on the two finest teachers, trial and error.
Remain as much as possible in the state of the witness.
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
Remember them as they were and write them off.
Remember to never split an infinitive.
Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
Research should begin and end in the library.
Resentment is the most precious flower of poverty.
Resist the urge to tinker.
Resoluteness sleeps in a bed of knowledge.
Respect the role luck has played on some of your role models.
Revenge is mine, saith the lord.
Right wrongs no man.
Rising equity glidepaths create a "Heads you win, tails you don't lose" outcome.
Rivers need a spring.
Rock gives reality to the otherwise abstract notion of transhuman time.
Romance addiction is an invention of Western culture.
Romantic stages are mental illness: You're "crazy about someone.
Rome was not built in a day.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
Sailors have a port in every storm.
Say no, then negotiate.
Saying and doing are two different things.
Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Scatter with one hand, gather with two.
Scholarship is polite argument.
Science and conscience belong together.
Science demands a tolerance for ambiguity.
Science has no enemy but the ignorant.
Science is magic that works.
Science is more than a body of knowledge; it is a way of thinking.
Science is the process for sorting out the possible from the impossible.
Science is the topography of ignorance.
Science is the whore of industry and the handmaiden of war.
Science is trustworthy precisely because it can fail.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Science: No thing is nothing.
Science: Nonsense does not always make no sense.
Science: To see or not to see, that's the main question.
Scientific progress: Milestones or millstones?
Scientists... can often recognize nonsense when they come across it.
Scripts determine the destiny and the identity of the individual.
Search for life, and Life will find you.
Searching for the invisible is not for the faint of heart.
See things symbolically instead of literally.
Seek and ye shall find.
Seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
Seek the testimony of the few; and number not voices, but weight them.
Seize the day; put no trust in the morrow!
Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
Self-hatred is the source of all problems on the planet.
Self-justification is not the same thing as lying or making excuses.
Selling the solution is often more difficult than solving the problem.
Seriousness is the only refuge of the shallow.
Set aside a little time every once in a while to experience silence.
Set goals that have many ways of being realized.
Seven turns out to be a very hip number in the melodrama.
Severe enforcement of a bad law will hasten its repeal.
Shakespeare and Dante divide the world between them.
She bore a great soul in a little body.
She did not think he deserved the compliment of rational opposition.
She runs the gamut of emotions from A to B.
Shielding men from the effects of folly fills the world with fools.
Ships fear fire more than water.
Short acquaintance brings repentance.
Show me one man who deserves to live forever.
Sic transit gloria mundi. (So passes away the glory of the world.)
Sickness shows us what we are.
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
Silence is the unbearable repartee.
Silence is wisdom, when speaking is folly.
Silence seldom hurts.
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
Simple tasks should be simple, and complex tasks should be possible.
Simplicity may be a gift, but I think complexity is much more interesting.
Sin boldly.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
Sin that is hidden is half-forgiven.
Skepticism is dangerous. That's exactly its function.
Skepticism is the beginning of faith.
Skepticism is the mark and even the pose of the educated mind.
Skeptics laugh in order not to weep.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Sloth is a somatic skepticism, the way the flesh doubts.
Slowly, but surely, humanity makes real the dreams of the wise.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Small rain lays great dust.
Small things make mean men proud.
Smart people learn from mistakes; geniuses learn from other people's mistakes.
So I have promised you, I'll be as good as my word.
So long as you stay vague, nothing changes.
So long as your will is in a fog, you will be an addict.
So many ask God to grant so much, and then take so much for granted!
So many men, so many minds.
Social problems are very much harder than scientific ones.
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless.
Soft words and hard arguments.
Some lives are tragic, some ridiculous. Most are both at once.
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
Some men rob you with a six-gun, others with a fountain pen.
Some men succeed in spite of their faults, others because of them.
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Some people are too lazy to put food in their own mouths.
Some problems can never be solved, only outgrown.
Some self-veiling is present in all finite games.
Some tasks are easier to do than to delegate.
Something must be left to chance.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Sometimes I wonder whether God enjoys Christmas.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Sometimes it takes a painful experience to make us change our ways.
Sometimes something worth doing is worth overdoing.
Sometimes you must tread water until you know which way is the shore.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Sorrow is good for nothing but sin.
Sorrow makes silence her best orator.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.
Space is unforgiving.
Spacetime tells matter how to move, and matter tells spacetime how to curve.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Spatial boundaries are evident in every finite conflict.
Speak not of my debts, unless you mean to pay them.
Speak well of your friend, of your enemy say nothing.
Speak when you are spoken to.
Speaking or writing without thinking is like shooting without aiming.
Spectacular achievements are always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
Spending less money creates more time.
Spirituality is the sense of awe and wonder for the creation that surrounds us.
Stagger onward rejoicing.
Start being grateful for the person even though you can't see the gift.
Starvation is no laughing matter.
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
Statistics should support common sense.
Staying the same is the first step towards getting worse.
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.
Step back for a moment and witness the choices you make.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me.
Stolen water is sweeter. Stolen bread tastes better.
Stone walls have ears, and a bird of the air shall carry the matter.
Straight trees have crooked roots.
Strangers are just friends who have never met.
Stress is an equal opportunity destroyer.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Stronger is one who holds back while pushing forward.
Study to be quiet, and to do your own business.
Stupid people advertise their ignorance.
Stupidity is immune to education.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Substance is one of the greatest of our illusions.
Success covers a multitude of blunders.
Success gives man big head, also big belly.
Success is merely a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Success is not a destination; it is a journey.
Success is the ability to fulfill your desires with effortless ease.
Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
Success makes a fool seem wise.
Sudden friendship, sure repentance.
Suffering is purification: It's like the fire that gets you straight.
Suffering plus meaning equals wisdom.
Surprise is a crucial element in most finite games.
Survival isn't a hobby, it's an attitude.
Surviving is one thing; enjoying survival is another.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
Sweet appears sour when we pay.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
Tailors and writers must mind the fashion.
Take all things as they come, and be content.
Take away my good name and take away my life.
Take care of the sense and the sound will take care of itself.
Take no more on you than you're able to bear.
Take out the garbage or live with the stink.
Take total responsibility for yourself and your own happiness.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Take your fee while the patient is still in pain.
Take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
Talk of the devil, and he is presently at your elbow.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours.
Talkers are no good doers.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Talking pays no toll.
TANSTAAFL: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
Tantra means using the senses to go beyond the senses.
Technology is no more of a problem now than it has always been.
Technology will continue to make our lives harder.
Tell me whom you love, and I will tell you who you are.
Tell the truth and run.
Tempt not a desperate man.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than 10,000 who are silent.
Tensions are normal in the claustrophobia of powerless subcultures.
Thank God we don't get all the government we pay for.
That never ends ill which begins in God's name.
That sick man is not to be pitied who has his cure in his sleeve.
That that is past, cannot be recalled or helped.
That the world is, is the mystical.
That which is easily done is soon believed.
That which is everybody's business is nobody's business.
That which is incapable of proof itself is not proof of anything else.
That which is possible is inevitable.
That which is truth will rise to the surface.
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
The absent are never without fault, nor the present without excuse.
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
The advance of a language is retarded by sensitive ears.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
The art of writing is knowing when to stop.
The author writes in my book; why should I not write in his?
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
The average life of an organization chart is six months.
The awakening is to the realization that you are in fact being guided.
The balance between ecology and society is exquisitely delicate.
The basic raw material of the universe is non-material.
The bee sucks honey out of the bitterest flowers.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper name.
The belly is not filled with fair words.
The best climber in the world is the one who's having the most fun.
The best is the enemy of the good.
The best people, like the best wines, come from the hills.
The best places of all, I have never mentioned.
The best remedy for any problem is to avoid it.
The best things in life are free.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
The better part of valor is discretion.
The bigger one thing is, the smaller it makes another thing.
The blind hear your whisper, the deaf see your wink.
The bottom line rests on Earth.
The brain allows man to escape from the laws of evolution...
The brainwashed do not know they are brainwashed.
The brevity of life calls for good wine.
The brighter you are, the more you have to learn.
The cat that chases two mice catches none.
The chief danger in life is that you might take too many precautions.
The clearest way into the universe is through a forest wilderness.
The correct prayer is never a prayer of supplication, but of gratitude.
The correlation between confidence and future regret is incredibly high.
The covetous man is ever in want.
The coward does it with a kiss, the brave man with a sword.
The creative is found in anyone who is prepared for surprise.
The cup of our happiness is hollowed out by the flow of our tears.
The dark side of the moon is harder to see; beaming light on it costs energy.
The day has eyes, the night has ears.
The dead are gone, and the show must go on.
The dearer a thing is, the cheaper as a general rule we sell it.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
The desire to become enlightened is still you desiring something.
The deterioration of our planet is an outward mirror of an inner condition.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
The Devil must not be believed even when he tells the truth.
The die is cast.
The dinosaurs became extinct because they didn't have a space program.
The distrust of wit is the beginning of tyranny.
The dose makes the poison.
The duty of the patriot is to protect his country from the government.
The early bird catches the worm.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves.
The end does not justify the means, whatever people may say.
The end justifies the means.
The end of anything is better than its beginning.
The environment is as high as I am.
The essence of wealth is life energy.
The essential is invisible to the eye.
The evils of controversy are temporary, its benefits are permanent.
The exercise of power always presupposes resistance.
The external world is socially constructed.
The eye is a radical, the tongue an anarchist, the ear a conservative.
The eyes have one language everywhere.
The farther you go, the less you know.
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
The fear of evil is worse than the event.
The feeling of love is your experience of God.
The feminists have a legitimate grievance. But so does everyone else.
The fewer his years, the fewer his tears.
The field cannot well be seen from within the field.
The first and last frosts are the worst.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself...
The first requisite for immortality is death.
The first rule is to last.
The first step to helping the world is finding peace in your own mind.
The foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
The fossil hunter does not kill, he resurrects.
The fragile should break early, while it's still small.
The function of consciousness is to tell us the story of our lives.
The further a society drifts from truth, the more it hates those that speak it.
The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
The future is purchased by the present.
The future just ain't what it used to be.
The future will be increasingly less predictable.
The game is much more interesting than we thought it was.
The gap between your thoughts is your connection to pure potentiality.
The gift of flight is reserved for those who jump.
The gods match you question for question.
The gods play in divine paradox.
The gods, too, are fond of a joke.
The golden rule is that there is no golden rule.
The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.
The greater your dreams, the more terrible your nightmares.
The greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
The greatest gifts we give cannot be seen.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
The greatest scholars are not the best preachers.
The greatest skill appears to be fumbling.
The greatest use of life is to spend it on something that outlasts it.
The guiding principle of science is economy of explanation.
The hand of a truly great engineer is nearly invisible.
The hard thing to do is the right thing to do.
The harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
The highest form of ignorance is rejecting something you know nothing about.
The highest that a man can attain is to be able to do.
The hour which gives us life begins to take it away.
The human body is centuries in advance of the physiologist.
The human brain has figured out a lot about how it works.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
The human soul is not satisfied by worldly things.
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
The important is seldom urgent; the urgent is seldom important.
The Indian discovered the white man in 1492.
The indoor life is the next best thing to premature burial.
The industrial corporation is the natural enemy of nature.
The industrial way of life leads to the industrial way of death.
The job is to finish the journey in one lifetime.
The laborer is worthy of his hire.
The last Christian died on a cross.
The last thing one discovers in writing a book is what to put first.
The law has for its end not justice but peace.
The law is not the same at morning and at night.
The laws of physics always override the laws of economics.
The leader is the slave of history.
The least questioned assumptions are often the most questionable.
The less between you and nature, the more you appreciate nature.
The less I speak, the more I meditate.
The less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The limits of our rational mind are becoming more apparent sooner.
The little I know, I owe to my ignorance.
The longer we live, the more wonders we see.
The love of money and the love of learning rarely meet.
The love of the wicked is more dangerous than their hatred.
The love that's too violent will not last long.
The lure of the marvelous blunts our critical faculties.
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The man at the top of the mountain didn't fall there.
The man who can make hard things easy is the educator.
The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
The man who runs may fight again.
The master's eye makes the horse fat.
The measure of anyone's freedom is what he can do without.
The medicine, the more bitter it is, the more better it is in working.
The medium is the message.
The mere imparting of information is not education.
The mind has no power at all without the heart.
The mind is a terrible master and a wonderful servant.
The mind is an erogenous zone.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
The mind... in itself can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
The moment one definitely commits oneself, then providence moves too.
The money you refuse will never do you good.
The more corrupt a society, the more numerous its laws.
The more easily you get your wealth, the sooner you will lose it.
The more energetically clear we get, the more honest we must become.
The more humble the more honorable.
The more I help others to succeed, the more I succeed.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
The more light a torch gives, the shorter it lasts.
The more noble, the more humble.
The more of anything, the less the value of every such thing.
The more one has, the more one desires.
The more the merrier.
The more there's in it, the more there's of it.
The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
The more urgency dominates your life, the more importance does not.
The more you know, the more it hurts.
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
The most asked question in the world: "What will 'they' say?
The most dangerous animals in the woods have six legs.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
The most powerful forms of giving are non-material.
The most serious struggles are those for sexual property.
The nearer to the church, the further from God.
The nuclear bomb took all the fun out of war.
The obvious answer is always overlooked.
The office is designed for "work", not productivity.
The old fellows stole all our good ideas.
The old men do not grow wise. They grow careful.
The only absolute attainable knowledge is that life is meaningless.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
The only food for thought is more thought.
The only monsters in the wilderness are those you brought with you.
The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
The only successful substitute for brains is silence.
The only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.
The only thing that prisons demonstrably cure is heterosexuality.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.
The only time you can coast in life is when you're going downhill.
The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty.
The only way to entertain some folks is to listen to them.
The only way to get the best on an argument is to avoid it.
The only way to have a good relationship is to never, never compromise.
The only way to learn is by changing your mind.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
The opposite of addiction is not sobriety; it is human connection.
The optimist sees the doughnut, the pessimist, the hole.
The orange that is too hard squeezed yields a bitter juice.
The output of engineers is specifications, not products.
The pain passes but the beauty remains.
The passive voice should never be used.
The path to the future lies through the corpus callosum.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The person who steals an egg will steal a chicken.
The person who would know has got to make love with the unknown.
The philosopher exists like the saint, only as an ideal.
The philosophies of one age have become the absurdities of the next.
The place where we do our scientific work is a place of prayer.
The power of love overcomes the love of power.
The power to tax involves the power to destroy.
The present time has one advantage over every other. It is our own.
The press of evolution on man's consciousness is inevitable.
The prevailing view of aging is that we essentially rust to death.
The prince of darkness is a gentleman.
The problem with experts is that they do not know what they do not know.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The public is an untrustworthy animal.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me".
The purpose of diplomacy is to prolong a crisis.
The purpose of property is to make our titles visible.
The quest for success and the quest for truth do not mix well.
The question is not to whom do I talk, but who listens?
The race is long and, in the end, it's only with yourself.
The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.
The religion of one age is the literary entertainment of the next.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
The reward of love is jealousy.
The rich man may dine when he will, the poor man when he may.
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
The rules of an infinite game must change in the course of play.
The salvation of man is through love and in love.
The same man cannot be both friend and flatterer.
The sea refuses no river.
The secret to being a successful investor is that there really is no secret.
The shadow side of the mind is that you are susceptible to illusion.
The shortest answer is doing.
The shortest distance between two people is a smile.
The sickness of the body may prove the health of the soul.
The silliest response to someone threatening you is to hurt yourself.
The sky is no longer the limit.
The society that creates natural waste creates human waste.
The solace and comfort that religion brings actually comes at a terrible price.
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
The sooner you die, the longer you're dead.
The Soul of the World is nourished by people's happiness.
The speech of the man in the street is invariably strong.
The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
The strongest man in the world is he who stands alone.
The sun knows no shadows.
The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
The sun will set without thy assistance.
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
The superfluous is very necessary.
The supreme triumph of reason is to cast doubt upon its own validity.
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
The sweetest water is in deepest wells.
The tailor makes the man.
The task he undertakes is numbering sands and drinking oceans dry.
The test of a vocation is the love of the drudgery it involves.
The thief is sorry he is to be hanged, but not that he is a thief.
The thing is that you can tune yourself.
The tragedy of old age is not that one is old, but that one is young.
The training for dying is exactly what the training for living is.
The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
The true power of the universe you can BE but you cannot have.
The truth a man accepts most willingly is the one he desires.
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
The truth is more important than the facts.
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
The truth is that the truth is not always true.
The truth... is the funniest joke in the world.
The ultimate sin of any celebrity is to be boring.
The United States is a nation of laws, badly written and randomly enforced.
The universe is populated by stable things.
The universe is the projection of your desires.
The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
The unknown always passes for the marvelous.
The unlived life is not worth examining.
The use of a quotation is the admission of inadequacy.
The voice is the best music.
The water flows, but the river stays.
The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
The whole is simpler than the sum of its parts.
The will to do, the soul to dare.
The will to win is nothing without the will to prepare.
The will to win is worthless if you don't get paid for it.
The wind has no home, and its only clothes are tree branches.
The wiser you are, the more worries you have.
The wolf may lose his teeth, but never his memory.
The word "dog" does not bite.
The world exists for its own sake, not for ours. Swallow THAT pill!
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast.
The world is basically composed of C- students.
The world is full of cactus, but you don't have to sit on it.
The world is in danger from two sources: Order and Disorder.
The world is too complex for us. Evolution didn't keep up.
The world must be made safe for democracy.
The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
The world wants to be deceived.
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
The worst is not so long as we can say, "This is the worst.
The years wrinkle our skin, but lack of enthusiasm wrinkles our soul.
Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
There ain't no justice that we can stand to live with.
There are as many realities as you care to imagine.
There are lots of ways to get wealthy. Don't constrain yourself.
There are more underdogs in the world than there are favorites.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
There are no accidents whatsoever in the universe.
There are no answers, only cross-references.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
There are no rules around here. We're trying to accomplish something.
There are no victims in the universe, only creators.
There are no victims, only volunteers.
There are periods of going out and there are periods of turning back in.
There are some things one would rather HAVE DONE than DO.
There are stages in your development where you need a guru.
There are three kinds of lies: Lies, damned lies and statistics.
There are tough players and nice guys, and I'm a tough player.
There are two sides to every question.
There are wonders enough out there without our inventing any.
There has never been a day in my life when I was not in love.
There is a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.
There is a difference between eating and dining.
There is a God-shaped vacuum in every heart.
There is a great deal of art to creating something that seems artless.
There is a kind of poetry in simple fact.
There is a time of speaking and a time of being still.
There is always a wrong way to do something right.
There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late.
There is hopeful symbolism in... that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
There is more talk than trouble.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is more to life than just avoiding death.
There is no bottom to worse.
There is no cure for birth or death save to enjoy the interval.
There is no fool to the old fool.
There is no immaculate conception of disaster.
There is no key to the Universe, but it has been left unlocked.
There is no law that vulgarity and literary excellence cannot coexist.
There is no love like the first.
There is no man really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
There is no ox so dumb as the orthodox.
There is no place like home.
There is no possibility of conversation with a loudspeaker.
There is no reasoning with a righteous mind.
There is no royal road to geometry.
There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
There is no science without fancy and no art without facts.
There is no security on this Earth. There is only opportunity.
There is no sin except stupidity.
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book.
There is no such thing as a short-term victory for the environment.
There is no trajectory so pathetic as that of an artist in decline.
There is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
There is nothing in this world constant but inconstancy.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
There is nothing new under the sun.
There is only one way to treat a cold, and that is with contempt.
There is pain in getting, care in keeping, and grief in losing riches.
There is safety in anonymity.
There is small choice in rotten apples.
There is too much beauty upon this Earth for lonely men to bear.
There is unmanifest and manifest and it's all right here now.
There may be many reasons for who we are, but there are no excuses.
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
There never was a good war or a bad revolution.
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
There's a fine line between an attitude problem and thinking clearly.
There's a great deal of difference between doing and saying.
There's a point at which "being early" becomes "being wrong.
There's a type of pride that can be rooted in humility.
There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
There's no limit to the good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.
There's nothing like matter of fact; seeing is believing.
Therefore love moderately; long love does so.
These little things are great to little men.
They also serve who only stand and wait.
They die well that live well.
They love dancing well that dance among thorns.
They love too much that die for love.
They must have the defects of their qualities.
They never love us, whom we mistrust.
They talk most who have the least to say.
They that live longest, must die at last.
They who love most are least set by.
Things are not always what they seem.
Things determine each other, but man is ultimately self-determining.
Things do not change; we change.
Things present are judged by things past.
Think globally; act locally.
Think it through, then follow through.
Think twice of a good bargain.
Thinking is the talking of the soul with itself.
Thinking is very far from knowing.
This is the beginning of the end.
This is to be taken with a grain of salt.
This nuclear arms race... [will only] make the rubble bounce.
This sentence does not have the property it claims not to have.
This statement is unprovable.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
This world might be only illusion
Those that make the best use of their time have none to spare.
Those who become wise are happy; wisdom will give them life.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Those who cannot forget the past are condemned to remember it.
Those who desire eternal life, live badly.
Those who do not know how to fight worry die young.
Those who fear death most are those who enjoy life least.
Those who follow the crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
Those who learn nothing from history are doomed to repeat it.
Those who work much do not work hard.
Those who worked the hardest are the last to surrender.
Thou didst create the night, but I made the lamp.
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
Though the fox run, the chicken has wings.
Thought is free.
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
Time and truth try all.
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
Time goes, you say? Ah no! Time stays, WE go.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is often said to be money, but it is more: It is life.
Time is the best healer, when it isn't a killer.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time is the rider that breaks youth.
Time is very dangerous without a rigid routine.
Time is, time was, and time is past.
Time reveals all things.
Time stays not the fool's leisure.
Time undermines us.
Time will not tell.
Time wounds all heels.
Timely blossom, timely ripe.
To an artist, a metaphor is as real as a dollar.
To ask is not a crime. To be rejected is not a calamity.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To avoid earthquakes, when you find a fault, just don't dwell on it.
To avoid sickness, eat less. To prolong life, worry less.
To be adult is to be alone.
To be alive at all involves some risk.
To be at home everywhere is to neutralize space.
To be beloved is above all bargains.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To be ignorant of one's ignorance is the malady of the ignorant.
To be is to be related.
To be miserable you must have leisure to wonder if you are happy or not.
To be powerful is to have one's words obeyed.
To become outstanding, one must be an outsider.
To care for the future is to live well in the present.
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
To conquer without risk is to triumph without glory.
To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
To die tomorrow is no worse than dying on any other day.
To do the impossible, you must see the invisible.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
To double your misery, divide it with your neighbor.
To endure what is unendurable is true endurance.
To feel absolutely right is the beginning of the end.
To fight your karma is just as frustrating as to accept your karma.
To follow another is evil; it does not matter who it is.
To get back one's youth, one has merely to repeat one's follies.
To have knowledge, you must first have reverence for the Lord.
To him who is in fear, everything rustles.
To improve averages, focus on the worst.
To improve people's behaviors, change their pictures of their roles.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To invoke randomness is to plead ignorance.
To lead people, you must follow behind.
To live dishonestly costs you biologically.
To live is to suffer; to survive is to find meaning in the suffering.
To love is wise; to hate is foolish.
To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance.
To make a simulation of nature, you'd better make it quantum mechanical.
To make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
To make something dirt cheap, make it out of dirt.
To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
To me, faith is not just a noun but also a verb.
To Mother Nature, you are just self-propelled carrion.
To promise and give nothing is comfort to a fool.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation.
To remember is to take the body time-traveling.
To retain those who are present, be loyal to those who are absent.
To see God clearly, all illusion must fail you.
To strive, to seek, and not to yield.
To succeed one must have access to success.
To teach is to learn twice.
To the man with an empty stomach, food is God.
To them it is us who are the enemy.
To transform the world, we must begin with ourselves.
To travel hopefully is better than to arrive safely.
To use the machine for control is to be controlled by the machine.
To use violence is to already be defeated.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Tolerance requires intolerance of those who preach intolerance.
Too clever is dumb.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Too much money makes one mad.
Tragedy is a joke we haven't figured out yet.
Train yourself to spot the difference between the sensational and the empirical.
Treat wisdom as your sister, and insight as your closest friend.
Treat words as if they were diamonds, and scatter them sparingly.
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
Trees must be distinguished from the forest
True greatness is rarely achieved without collateral damage.
True science teaches us to doubt and, in ignorance, to refrain.
True storytellers do not know their own story.
True success is the experience of the miraculous.
True wealth is free time: Freedom from drudgery and unwanted commitments.
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.
Truth is a matching grant.
Truth is just truth. You can't have opinions about truth.
Truth is only believed when someone has invented it well.
Truth is the highest form of human motivation.
Truth may be lost in a crowd.
Truth will come to light.
Truth's best ornament is nakedness.
Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived.
Truths and roses have thorns about them.
Truths too fine spun are subtle fooleries.
Try always all ways.
Try not to become a man of success but rather a man of value.
Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try.
Try to forget everything. What you can't forget
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Trying to have too much fun is self-defeating.
Trying to squash a rumor is like trying to unring a bell.
Turn enemies into friends by doing something nice for them.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Twelve significant photographs in any one year is a good crop.
Two is company, three's a crowd.
Two things do prolong your life: A quiet heart and a loving wife.
Ultimately, everything becomes food.
Unconditional love means the capacity to not have private agendas.
Uncontrolled anger is an athlete's worst enemy.
Under every stone sleeps a scorpion.
Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes.
Unrepeatability is a characteristic of culture everywhere.
Use makes mastery.
Use the mind to obtain wisdom, not the power to control.
Values are caught, not taught.
Variety is the spice of life.
Veni, vidi, vici. (I came, I saw, I conquered.)
Victims see what is; survivalists see what can be.
Victory lies not in sleep's defeat.
Vincit qui patitur: He conquers, who endures.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Virtue is its own revenge.
Virtue is its own reward.
Virtue is not hereditary.
Volumes might be written upon the impiety of the pious.
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
Wake not a sleeping wolf.
Walls have ears.
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
War is much too important a matter to be left to the generals.
War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
War, hunting, and love, are as full of trouble as pleasure.
Warning: Humor may be hazardous to your illness.
Wars bring scars.
Waste is the antiproperty that becomes the possession of losers.
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Wasting time is an important part of life.
We all do murder the things we love, mostly by the word unsaid.
We all have a story to live. What story are you living?
We all know what you mean; it's just that you mean it so poorly.
We all like our relatives when we're little.
We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are all in the same boat, shooting holes in the hull.
We are all in this alone.
We are all volunteers.
We are all worms. But I do believe I am a glowworm.
We are always looking, or should be, for what really inspires us.
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
We are as organized energetically as we are physically.
We are being educated when we know it least.
We are born dying.
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
We are divinity in disguise.
We are drowning in information.
We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
We are how the universe I's itself.
We are in fact mystics without monasteries.
We are loved in spite of what we are.
We are not meant to mourn our traumas for more than a short time.
We are old enough to be wiser.
We are seeing the empowerment of the individual to conduct war.
We are social animals; hell is other people.
We are what we pretend to be.
We are who we are in relating to others.
We avoid attributing cleverness to someone else
We believe some things because they make us look good to people we care about.
We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.
We can lick gravity, but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming.
We can live without our friends, but not without our neighbors.
We can only hate in others what we first hate in ourselves.
We can only write well of that which we know.
We can't break the real spiritual laws.
We can't change, but we can expand.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
We come too late to say anything which has not been said already.
We define genius as constructive reaction against one's training.
We do not count a man's years, until he has nothing else to count.
We do not spontaneously learn that we don't learn that we don't learn.
We don't call it sin today, we call it self-expression.
We don't get perspective on what's close to us until we spend time away from it.
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't know how to give gifts of energy
We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.
We don't want God to be a wild force.
We expect others to act rationally even though we are irrational.
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
We have all the land now we will ever have.
We have art that we do not die of the truth.
We have global influence but lack global control.
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
We have nothing to fear but our own inertia.
We have nowhere else to go... This is all we have.
We have to walk as slow as our slowest person to keep society f*ing moving.
We laugh at death because we know death will have the last laugh on us.
We live in a global village but it is filled with neighbors from hell.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
We may love a place and still be dangerous to it.
We may make our plans, but God has the last word.
We need less emotion and more thought.
We need to look at multiple lives to test and shape our own.
We never find out anything new, we just remember it.
We ought not to permit a cottage industry in the God business.
We really want to save the wilderness because the wilderness really saves us.
We reclaim what we love by being activists on its behalf.
We remember our dreams; we do not remember our sleep.
We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
We see only what we know.
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
We set up relationships initially on the basis of false advertising.
We should learn from our mistakes, but how... Unless we first admit we made any?
We take issue even with perfection.
We take photos as a return ticket to a moment otherwise gone.
We teach others how to treat us.
We that are young shall never see so much nor live so long.
We think that if we can label a thing we have understood it.
We use machines against ourselves... And machinery against itself.
We usually get what we order from life.
We would like to train for wisdom, not knowledge.
We would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
We're all open parentheticals, waiting for the close parenthesis to come.
We, all of us, have a vested interest in keeping the game going.
Wealth comes from excellence, and not excellence from wealth.
Wealth goes to wealth.
Wealth is not so much possessed as it is performed.
Wealth protects the rich; poverty destroys the poor.
Wealthy is having the freedom to maximize one's life experiences.
Well begun is half done.
Well, one must get an idea someplace.
Were Heaven preferable to Earth, suicide would be a sacrament.
What a joy it is to find just the right word for the right occasion!
What a strange game. The only winning move is not to play.
What are we doing? Nothing.
What avail are forty freedoms without a blank spot on the map?
What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
What consciousness means is being aware of where your energy goes.
What convinces is conviction.
What could we do together that we would both really enjoy doing?
What do you care what other people think?
What do you mean, it's too late? We're not dead yet!
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
What excuses stand in your way? How can you eliminate them?
What fools these mortals be.
What got you here won't get you there.
What happens to your fist when you open your hand?
What I aspired to be, and was not, comforts me.
What I tell you three times is true.
What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
What is beautiful is good and who is good will soon also be beautiful.
What is chaos but matter disturbed by immaterial forces?
What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
What is history but a fable agreed upon?
What is life without a character?
What is the blessing here?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What love means is that we are sharing a common state together.
What matters is not how often you are right, but... your cumulative errors.
What must be, must be.
What one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
What separates the flyers from the walkers is the ability to take off.
What soon grows old? Gratitude.
What the government gives it must first take away.
What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.
What this country needs is more free speech worth listening to.
What tribal rules are you plugged into?
What we do not understand we do not possess.
What we first learn, we best can.
What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly.
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
What you don't know won't help you much either.
What you have caused, you can change.
What you leave alone today will come back to haunt you tomorrow.
What you see but can't see over is as good as infinite.
Whatever begins in freedom cannot end in necessity.
Whatever else you get, get insight.
Whatever has been well said by anyone is my property.
Whatever is funny is subversive.
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
Whatever man has done, man may do.
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
Whatever the game is, play it as a professional.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
Whatsoever was the father of a disease, an ill diet was the mother.
When a man says money can't do anything, that settles it: He hasn't any.
When a man's house is on fire, it's time to break off chess.
When a paradigm shifts, everyone goes back to zero.
When a thing is done advice comes too late.
When all men speak, no man hears.
When all think alike, then no one is listening.
When an experience comes along, you just note it and just let it go.
When angry count ten before you speak. If very angry a hundred.
When children stand quiet they have done some ill.
When fortune knocks, be sure to open the door.
When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.
When I get angry... I've made some kind of a law that's not true.
When I know who I am, you and I are one.
When I rest, I rust.
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.
When in doubt, do as doubters do.
When injustice becomes law, resistance becomes duty.
When it is dark enough you can see the stars.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
When people are least sure, they are most dogmatic.
When people are stressed, common sense goes out the window.
When people show you who they are, believe them.
When sorrow is asleep, wake it not.
When the candles are out all women are fair.
When the dust is clear, one knows if he is riding a horse or an ass.
When the gods wish to punish us they answer our prayers.
When the mind is denied the sting of losing, it never figures out how to win.
When the only choices are win or lose, everyone loses.
When the situation is hopeless, there's nothing to worry about.
When the student is ready, the teacher appears.
When two friends have a common purse, one sings and the other weeps.
When two men in a business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
When war begins then hell opens.
When war is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
When we are flat on our backs there is no way to look but up.
When we have gold, we are in fear; when we have none, we are in danger.
When we have not what we like, we must like what we have.
When we succeed in being the only speaker, there is no speaker at all.
When wine is in, wit is out.
When you are at Rome live in the Roman style.
When you are in command, command.
When you are ready to face life alone, you are ready for marriage.
When you are tribal, you will be religious, but you won't be spiritual.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
When you don't talk, things get awfully quiet.
When you finally become a perfect parent, you are unemployed.
When you find yourself walking through hell, keep walking!
When you get angry your IQ drops 20 points.
When you have a fight with your conscience and get licked, you win.
When you have no agenda with power, all of it comes to you.
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
When you invoke heaven, heaven comes.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
When you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
When you mean no, say it in a way that's not ambiguous.
When you need professional advice, get it from professionals.
When you shoot an arrow of truth, dip its point in honey.
When you talk to yourself, or about yourself, watch your language!
When you turn honest it limits your choices.
When you've won the game, stop playing.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Whenever you possibly can, do good to those who need it.
Where love is not, there is hatred.
Where on Earth is the early warning system for man-made disasters?
Where pain predominates, agony can be a valued teacher.
Where people live there will be tragedy.
Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Wherever they burn books, they will eventually burn people.
Whether you think you can or you can't, you're right.
While there is life, there is hope.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
Who has not a good tongue, ought to have good hands.
Who is more busy than he that has least to do?
Who knows most, speaks least.
Who knows what he knows and what he doesn't know is one who knows.
Who likes not his business, his business likes not him.
Who never wins can rarely lose, who never climbs as rarely falls.
Who steals my purse steals trash.
Whoever MUST play, cannot PLAY.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why do I live in the desert? Because the desert is the locus Dei.
Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
Why I oppose the nuclear arms race: I prefer the human race.
Why should a rich man steal?
Why should ANYTHING exist? NOTHING would be tidier.
Wicked people cannot sleep unless they have done something wrong.
Wilderness begins in the human mind.
Wilderness... is the only thing left that is worth saving.
Winged flight is fundamentally a control problem, not a lift problem.
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Wisdom is long, violence is short.
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
Wisdom is to live in harmony with the world at the moment it is.
Wise men learn by other men's mistakes; fools, by their own.
Wise men make proverbs and fools repeat them.
Wise people learn when they can. Fools learn when they must.
Wish in one hand and spit in the other
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
With enough qualifiers, everything is special.
With just enough of learning to misquote.
With stupidity the gods themselves struggle in vain.
With the foolish we should play the fool.
With what fortitude we bear the suffering of others.
Within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
Without execution, vision is just another word for hallucination.
Without fear, there is no courage.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Without wood, a fire goes out; without gossip, quarreling stops.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
Women nod acknowledgment; men nod agreement.
Words are only painted fire; a book is the fire itself.
Words are the least reliable purveyor of Truth.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
Words may pass, but blows fall heavy.
Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
Work is a form of nervousness.
Work is love made visible.
Work is the worst thing you can do for your health.
World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Worrying is the most natural and spontaneous of all human functions.
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
Would you rather be right, or would you rather be happy?
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Wrong laws make short governance.
Years know more than books.
Yes, I can summon my creativity.
You are a creator; you create with your every thought.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
You are an energetic being long before you are a physical being.
You are becoming more simultaneous with God than linear with humanity.
You are just a visitor to the history factory.
You are never too old to become younger.
You are not original if your peers agree with what you are doing.
You are terrified of how truth can change your life.
You are the only authority on what is best for you.
You are what you eat.
You become more and more like a river.
You can "get" knowledge, but you can only BE wise.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
You can be sincere and still be wrong.
You can be young without money, but you can't be old without it.
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
You can easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue: Agree with him.
You can fix a bad page, but you can't fix a blank page.
You can fool too many of the people too much of the time.
You can lead a boy to college but you cannot make him think.
You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.
You can neither win nor lose if you don't run the race.
You can never do just one thing.
You can never get enough of what you don't really want.
You can never run away. Not ever. The only way out is in.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
You can only improve on saying nothing by saying nothing often.
You can tell the ideas of a nation by its advertisements.
You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
You can't cross the sea merely by staring at the water.
You can't depend on the man who made the mess to clean it up.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
You can't fall off the floor.
You can't fool heaven.
You can't get to the light without going through the darkness.
You can't have other people do your pushups for you.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
You can't love someone else unless you can first love yourself.
You can't produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women!
You can't simulate pain intellectually. You must live through it.
You can't study the darkness by flooding it with light.
You can't take money with you when you die.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
You can't tie two rocks together and expect them to float.
You cannot fool all of the people all the time.
You cannot have a science without measurement.
You cannot hold a man down without staying down with him.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cannot live a meaningless life; it's against the spiritual rules.
You cannot reshape human nature without mutilating human beings.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You do not know your friend until you have quarreled with him.
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
You don't have to agree in order to understand.
You don't have to know, you just have to know who knows.
You don't manage people. You manage things. You lead people.
You either learn as you go or don't.
You get what you don't pay for.
You get what you pay for.
You have a strict obligation have no opinion about things you don't understand
You have no obligation to have an opinion about anything.
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
You have to, at each level, go beyond that level.
You improvise! You adapt! You overcome!
You just can't recreate that color blue on Earth, I don't know why.
You keep your heart and mind separate because they have so much power.
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
You know not what is success or failure in the soul's reckoning.
You know what is wrong with a lot more confidence than you know what is right.
You miss 100% of the shots you never take.
You must learn the rules of the game, then play better than anyone else.
You must look where it is not, as well as where it is.
You must transcend the rational mind; transcend the knower who knows.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
You need not sow weeds.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
You never lose, but sometimes the clock runs out on you.
You never own anything but that it owns you too.
You only learn the value of a minute after it's past.
You only learn who has been swimming naked when the tide goes out.
You pay more for your schooling than your learning is worth.
You philosophers are sages in your maxims and fools in your conduct.
You raise your voice when you should reinforce your argument.
You use dualism to go beyond dualism.
You want it bad, you will get it bad.
You will face every thought and fear that has authority over you.
You will never get enough approval to feel good about yourself.
You won't have an economy on a dead planet.
You're going to the experience of the transcendence of separateness.
You're twice as biased as you think you are; four times if you disagree.
You're twice as gullible as you think you are.
You've got to risk it all to have it all.
Young men's knocks old men feel.
Your actions prove what you think of yourself.
Your attitude is more important than your aptitude.
Your biggest handicap is what you think intuitive sight is.
Your body is the greatest instrument you'll ever own.
Your choices are half chance. So are everybody else's.
Your circle of competence is probably 90% smaller than you think it is.
Your face is an exercise in fractal curves.
Your family gave you the best they knew at the time.
Your first amendment means I can say the second amendment sucks dicks.
Your first friend is worth the next thousand.
Your heart doesn't lie to your head; your head lies to your heart.
Your imagination, my dear fellow, is worth more than you imagine.
Your spirit and your body thrive on living honorably.
Your superstitions still have you by the short hairs.
Your teachers are often people who have been right around you.
Your thought is the parent which gives birth to all things.
Your vibe attracts your tribe.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart.
Youth and white paper take any impression.
Youth will be served.
Youth will have its swing.
Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Zeal, when it is a virtue, is a dangerous one.
Zen is the sound of the ax chopping. Chopping logic.
